what's good what's good community all
right before i get this video started i
got to give a special shout-out to
everybody who participated in the
community fantasy football league came
down to the wire once again so i got to
thank KJ Hulk durka 514 mug Slugger and
49er and my brother bald-headed squad
you know saying everyone played all year
long I'm saying it came down to the
championship game which was yesterday
between myself and Chris and you know
what Chris was game he put up a really
good fight but I got him by just two
points which is funny because it came
down to the Tuesday game we all had you
know eat both of us had players still
playing and he was getting really dicey
there towards the hint so once again
congrats man Chris he came
in second place so i'll be sending you
out something your way man cuz you were
game all year long stayed with it big
pick up with that michael vick free
agency home saying you really snuck in
there and pick them up for anybody so
that was a lot of good points there but
once again thanks to everybody who
participated hopefully we'll get it
going again next year with more people
so now let's get back into this week ago
i put out the video what's the best
action figure line for 2010 got a lot of
comments a lot a lot of comments which
is all good i really appreciate all
everyone who put their votes in but now
let's get into it so for third place for
the best action figure line of 2010 goes
to marvel legends the marvel legends
actually came in the third spot which I
had them ranked differently but you know
what the community is vote is law and
you know the same its that's how it is
so still a good strong showing for
legends even though we had a small
number of figures for this wave and
really new characters just shows you you
know the passion people still have for
their legends and they really actually
did come up with some really great
figures as you can see here oh yeah so
you know saying so hopefully
ezmer will return the favor you know in
a start dishing out more of these
legends now there's really you know
nothing too big on the horizon they say
they're coming out with something new
but you know saying we need we need some
pictures we need to see something really
so hopefully we'll get more into that
now second place was the very strong
showing from DC Universe classic now
this is a line that a lot of people have
actually started getting into for the
six inch figures and they've actually
done a lot of great work for the whole
year great sculpting as you can see with
the killer walk here and there now going
into the kind of themed waves after I
guess you know the Green Lantern
classics so we'll see what happens in
the future with the DC Universe Classics
but so far it's looking really strong
and a great show in from them it's one
of my favorite figure lines going on
right now really digging it a lot of
people are too so and in first place for
the community's pick for best action
figure line of 2010 goes to Marvel
Universe Marvel Universe actually
dominated in the voting it this is us a
great line and it just shows how a lot
of people still love Marvel no matter
you know what scale it's at just because
these figures stayed a lot of people did
not like him at the start you know what
any you know you were one of them and
all of a sudden a lot of people have
turned turned the wagon and started
getting on him just because they have
improved they were kind of dicey at the
start you know there's no denying that
but they really worked at it great new
sculpt on a lot of these figures just
really sick all around they really did
their thing with these guys especially
these newer ones coming out man they're
completely sick so marvel universe takes
the number one spot for the community
like this right here
and this Galactus that man it really
kills the game right there when you get
a Galactus like that you know that's
when I think when this kit that's when
you've seen a lot of the legends
collectors actually kind of come over
but like you know what I really got to
get into this because they are really
super sick and of course nonetheless
that Hulk is without a doubt the best
Marvel Universe figure out their area is
taken down the King legend right there
so if you can see it has broham it's
what the community likes we like your
work we just need to see more especially
from the legends especially from the
universe DC universe classics you know
that's well that's Mattel of course
there's a lot of great figures on our
rides and a lot of great well especially
from the masters of the universe which
is looking like a really sick take over
coming up soon all right you guys once
again thanks a lot for putting all the
comments in and all that good stuff